    contact www.linkedin.com/in/stephen-choo (linkedin) wcei-investment.com (company) top skills strategy finance leadership stephen choo serial entrepreneur, business consultant, and investor. he is the co- founder of world chinese entrepreneurs and investor club (wcei) group of companies and venture alliance investment (vai) fund. kuala lumpur summary stephen choo is a malaysian serial entrepreneur, business consultant, and investor. he is the co-founder of world chinese entrepreneurs and investor club (wcei) group of companies and venture alliance investment (vai) fund. wcei is a business networking platform, online education, and business & management consulting group.  meeting with warren buffet stephen is a firm believer of fundamental business principles, and a strong supporter of warren buffet, one of the richest men in the world and one of the most successful investor of all time. as a shareholder of berkshire hathaway inc., stephen was invited to the renowned annual shareholders meeting of berkshire, in omaha, nebraska, us. after the agm, stephen is one of the 12 shareholders out of tens of thousands of shareholders who attended the meeting that had the opportunity to meet warren personally. he is the only south east asian shareholder present that have this opportunity at that time. they also had a bridge session after the meeting – a traditional must have session during their shareholders meeting. stephen is deeply motivated by what warren told him during their meeting – to become successful, one must continuously invest in yourself. it inspires stephen to learn even more, at a faster pace to be able to achieve his goal as soon as possible. meeting with former us president barrack obama stephen is also a staunch believer in sustainability in business, especially the sme segment which is the economic backbone of a country.  stephen had the opportunity to meet former us president, mr barrack obama during the world leaders sustainable   page 1 of 2     development lecture on 14th december 2019, organised by the global alliance of sme (gasme) and beijing future excellence management center, was held in shangri-la hotel, singapore. during the lecture, mr obama shared his thoughts that now was an extraordinary moment for small and medium size businesses, because technology now allowed them to access international marketplace and compete with big companies. he said that it was very important for small and medium enterprises to improve their products and services to meet the standards of international marketplace. at the same time, governments should ensure that the market is open to new competitors, remove barriers for companies to enter into any industry and improve antitrust policies to encourage innovation. this thought is in line with what stephen is striving to achieve – to enable businesses especially smes to flourish and grow exponentially with the introduction of technology. experience wcei international ltd director january 2019 - present (3 years) nu skin independent business owner january 2004 - january 2018 (14 years 1 month) kuala lumpur, federal territory of kuala lumpur, malaysia education harvard business school professional course on strategy and leadership, business/commerce, general · (2018 - 2018)   page 2 of 2 