    contact www.linkedin.com/in/francis- lee-25a58b1b0 (linkedin) francis lee senior .net software engineer greater kuala lumpur experience monster technologies malaysia sdn bhd senior .net software engineer august 2016 - present (5 years 5 months) working closely with product managers from europe and local team daily discussing about the roadmap, tasks progression and challenges along developments.  working closely with other high severity related development team (auth, networking, devops, penetration test) ensure apps and services are being secured before deployment.  giving suggestion and ideas to improve existing user’s financial system web portal.  implement user interface designed by ui/ux designer team while sharing thought about the usability through feedback.  using react native library to develop cross platform application (ios/ android) with a set of customized ui library developed by internal ui component team.  have knowledge with redhat openshift platform-as-a-service for deployment.  integrate redis act as a cache layer to speed up data fetching (lazy loading) and pub/sub functionality.  unit test front using jest with different test cases to ensure each component or apis working as expected.  involved in a project whereby visualizing one company’s sustainability with raw data provided by data warehouse team. tricor roots consulting sdn bhd software product development team lead april 2014 - july 2016 (2 years 4 months) tricor roots consulting sdn bhd is a company which provide governance risk and compliance consultation service. qradar is the core product for this company. qradar is a tool for the company to manage the risk and compliance data. it can generate report for the board and automate the process for the clients' risk operation and compliance team.   page 1 of 3     as the team lead in the company which leading a team to customize the qradar system and create new systems (any platform) for internal and external use. work scope :  meeting with client and gather requirements.  analyst the requirement, discuss and design the solutions based on the requirement gathered.  manage junior and guide them.  report progress status to the hod.  manage the it infrastructure.  resource & project timeline planning.  develop a detailed project plan to track progress and schedule the system implementation timeline  design system and project structure according to requirement  use appropriate verification techniques to manage changes in project scope, schedule and costs.  lead a teams across technical and business to ensure project milestones completed on time, on budget and with desired result  ensuring resource availability and allocation  involve in system implement (coding & design)  report and escalate to management as needed job scope (technical)  defined processes and tools best suited to each project. moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures  provide solutions according to client requirements  system solutions adviser nettium sdn bhd software engineer february 2012 - march 2014 (2 years 2 months) job duties : • provides guidance & support to developer on their daily tasks i.e. includes assistance in development, answering general technical questions and etc. • perform code review of developer's code to ensure it adhere to industry standard and practices.   page 2 of 3     • involves in technical design for system flow/logic. • involves in project’s development. software and platform : microsoft visual studio 2019, sql server 2014, iis other skillsets used : c.net, sql, web api, asp.net mvc, asp.net webform   page 3 of 3 