    contact www.linkedin.com/in/farah-nur- anis-a7a03b176 (linkedin) top skills microsoft office customer service social media farah nur anis farah kuala lumpur summary fresh graduate from bachelor of event management, uitm puncak alam experience cloudworks entertainment public relations internship july 2018 - november 2018 (5 months) the troika, klcc public relation use a wide range of media to build and sustain a good image for a company, organisation or brand through planned publicity campaigns and pr activity. - planning publicity strategies and campaigns writing and producing presentations and press releases - dealing with enquiries from the public, the press, and related organisations - organizing and attending promotional events such as press conferences, open days, exhibitions, tours and visits speaking publicly at interviews, press conferences and presentations - providing clients with information about new promotional opportunities and current pr campaigns progress analysing media coverage commissioning or undertaking relevant market research - liasing with clients, managerial and journalistic staff about budgets, timescales and objectives depending on the employer, pr officers may also be required to carry out other, more general, marketing responsibilities. this can involve working on websites and social media and writing and/or producing presentations, reports, articles, leaflets, journals and brochures for both external and internal distribution. tenaga nasional berhad   page 1 of 2     customer service staff june 2015 - february 2016 (9 months) petaling jaya, selangor, malaysia a customer service representative interacts with a company’s customers to provide them with information to address inquiries regarding products and services. in addition, they deal with and help resolve any customer complaints. for instance, a customer representative may assist you in opening an account or help you to resolve a problem if you cannot access your account or if your order never arrived. usually, customer service representatives gather their information via a telephone call. fotozzoom sdn bhd sales promoter november 2011 - february 2012 (4 months) taman putra, kuala lumpur sales promoters are responsible for attracting new customers and helping the company reach revenue targets. sales promoter are making product presentations, approaching potential customers, answering to questions, and understanding customer needs and worries. sales promoters should demonstrate excellent communication and listening skills, selling abilities, and observation spirit. education universiti teknologi mara bachelor of business administration - bba, meeting and event planning · (2016 - 2019) universiti teknologi mara diploma in music, major in vocal · (2012 - 2015)   page 2 of 2 